Hi Great Day! 
I'm an inspired and talented designer with a strong passion for arts (traditional/digital), creative process and all things design. With over 10 years of experience in graphic design, I can offer you a professional approach to every requirement and any style you desire. 
I have advanced knowledge of design applications such as Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator. I can also do 3D perspectives using Google SketchUp. Also with basic knowledge of Flash animation, Web Design, WordPress, and Video editing. 
My background includes extensive work with catalog, brochure, billboard, flyers, merchandising displays, point of sale materials and everything related to advertising. In addition, I also have excellent project management and leadership skills. 
I have a strong sense of conceptualization and aesthetics; and very detail oriented. I am also trustworthy with deadlines.  Looking forward to working with you!

---------------------------------------------------

Hi! I am an experienced illustrator and designer, extremely creative, with a mathematical mind, very reliable. Balancing creativity and technical requirements is my strongest point.
Graphic and Print Design I take any content and infuse it with your brand's personality, making it convincing, understandable, structured and beautiful to look at. I am a proficient Photoshop, In-design and Illustrator user and have a solid understanding of print requirements. My experience ranges from Health, Food & Beverage to IT, designing books and magazines, marketing material for web and print, catalogues, presentations, brochures, posters, product packaging.  

-----------------------------------------------------

Hi there, I'm Maxine. I'm a professional, practical and organised designer with a super keen eye for detail and 6 years experience in taking a project from initial conception to finished product. I specialise in design to print, logo design and brand identity. Take a look through my profile, let me know if you have any questions, and I hope we can work together soon! 

-----------------------------------------------------

Self-directed creative Graphic Designer and Photographer, with an eye for qualitative, modern, minimalistic yet efficient designs. I have past experience in an Advertising & Design Agency and I graduated in Advertising and Communication Science, what gives me a good understanding of branding and graphic design principles. I am open minded and I am passionate about graphics, arts and everything between. I am skilled in Logo design&Branding/ Graphic Design for print&web/ Promotional products/Magazines. I work in Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Lightroom.

